capital = 663
primary_culture = szekely
culture = zzz_religion_orthodox
religion = orthodox
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.310821

civilized = yes

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# political reforms
slavery=yes_slavery
vote_franschise=none_voting
upper_house_composition=party_appointed
voting_system=first_past_the_post
public_meetings=yes_meeting
press_rights=censored_press
trade_unions=state_controlled
political_parties=underground_parties

ruling_party = X04_reactionary
upper_house = 
{
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 9
	conservative = 85
	reactionary = 6
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 1.92407
nonstate_consciousness= 0

# Technologies
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
clipper_design = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
introspectionism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
malthusian_thought = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
no_standard = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
publishing_industry = 1
the_command_principle = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
prestige=-4.43355
oob = "X04_OOB.txt"
set_country_flag = religi
